®
BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
CITIES SIGMAR
OF
1

We are the last shield of humanity and the gleaming sword of justice in an
unjust world. We are all of us loyal servants of the God-King, and though
we are neither blessed with supernatural strength nor imbued with eldritch
power, we fight on nonetheless, emboldened by the spirit of comradeship and
the burning belief that things can be better.
We are the soldiers of the Cities of Sigmar.
With steel and shot and stubborn hearts, we defend those far-flung centres
of civilisation that we have carved out of the merciless realms. We may be
outmatched and surrounded by ravening foes who would see us dead or
worse, but we shall never yield. We march through hell with a song on our lips
and a fluttering standard held high, united by our shared sacrifice.
When battle is joined, we close ranks and slam our shields together, bellowing
threats and prayers until our lungs ache. Cannons roar, sending deadly
blasts of metal tearing through the foe, and we cheer to see the might of
Ironweld siegecraft.
When the smoke clears, only the faithful of Sigmar are left standing.
So shall it ever be.
2

BASTIONS OF OR DER
For generations, the Cities of Sigmar have stood strong devised a new way of fighting, transforming the
as symbols of humanity’s defiance. Withstanding assault sprawling human armies of the Freeguilds into tight
after assault, they offer a precious glimpse of peace and formations of tower shields and massed guns. These
hope amidst the hazardous expanses of the realms. mobile bastions were capable of holding out against an
assault in the field – no matter how ferocious – before
It falls to the regiments of the Freeguilds – proud responding with a torrent of merciless firepower. The
military companies – to defend these settlements, Castelite formations, as they became known, changed
and in the centuries since their inception, they have the face of Sigmarite warfare forever.
done so with honour and merit. Until recently, they
relied upon ranks of ill-equipped yet highly motivated In the wake of this doctrinal revolution, many staples
militia troops, auxiliary units of aelves and duardin, of the Freeguilds were slowly phased out of active
and expensive, unreliable war machines invented by service. Uniforms and tactics were standardised across
the Ironweld Arsenal. These armies fought bravely, the God-King’s dominion. Outdated or unmanageably
especially in defence, but when it came to offensive complex war machines were superseded by new
operations deep in enemy territory, they lacked prototypes. Heavy breastplates of mass-produced steel
resilience. Moreover, as more lost gods returned to replaced the quartered colours of the old militias,
the realms and sent out the call to restore the old and costly long guns were abandoned in favour of
civilisations of the Age of Myth, mankind’s allies began fusil-cannons wielded in concert with slab-like pavise
departing the free cities in large numbers, hampering shields. For all that this gear was cumbersome and
the recruitment of auxiliary forces. weighty, it proved a revelation on the open battlefield,
allowing ordinary men and women to go toe to toe with
As the times changed, so too did strategies and tactics. those monstrous foes whose presence had once spelled
It was the visionary First Marshal Tahlia Vedra who nothing but doom.

DEFENDERS OF THE FREE CITIES
The armies of the free cities have always been
remarkably varied in terms of their composition
and the tactics they employ, their military doctrine
reflecting their environment and the traditions
of their founding. Prior to the pioneering of the
Castelite formation, many esoteric units and weapons
of war were deployed to defend Sigmar’s vision of
an empire restored.
‘Hold your fire, you dogs! Wait until they crest
that ridge. Wait until you smell their rotten
breath. Wait… wait… now! Give ’em hell!’
– Gunnery Sergeant Boker,
Hammerhalian ‘Golden Lions’
Once considered a vital element in the Freeguild way
of war, the fanatical warriors known as Flagellants
were technically products of the Cults Unberogen,
the worshippers of Sigmar. They were sent forth en
masse in front of the regular army, fighting and dying
and sanctifying impure lands with their lifeblood. Yet
although their bravery and willingness to suffer could
never be doubted, regimental commanders disliked
having such an unpredictable force interfering with
their manoeuvres. As strict formation discipline became
paramount and Freeguild units were increasingly
specialised, it was decreed by Tahlia Vedra that
Flagellant reinforcements would thenceforth be fielded are still recalled with fondness and awe by those who
and instructed by priests-martial of the Sigmarite witnessed them in action.
cults. They would have little or nothing to do with her
highly trained officers, who were far better equipped A venerable and effective design, the Steam Tank was
to handle rank-and-file soldiers than they were once the pre-eminent battle engine of the Freeguilds.
wild-eyed zealots. Resembling an angular wedge of iron and belching
skin-blistering gas from its central chimney, the Steam
Not all Freeguild officers adhered to the doctrinal Tank would crash headlong into its quarry, grinding
guidelines that dictated how they should fight, however. enemies beneath its ironshod wheels. A hull-mounted
Many preferred to choose mounts befitting their rank cannon added to the devastation, either channelling
and prestige: fearsome creatures that could go fang steam into a deadly spout or else hurling volleys of
to claw against any horrors the realms could throw at lead shot. Sometimes these engines were deployed
them. A popular choice amongst such officers was the in dedicated squadrons, led by those Steam Tank
griffon, an ancient breed of Azyrite avian famed for its Commanders savvy – and fortunate – enough to have
strength and ferocity. Soaring above the battle atop their survived multiple tours of duty inside their sweltering
loyal companion, a Freeguild Marshal could survey deathtraps. These armoured officers were renowned for
the battlefield for opportunities to strike and then their boldness and tireless persecution of the enemy.
descend in a flashing blur of steel and talons in order
to exploit them. Steam Tanks were remarkably successful creations, but
because of their complex cogwork mechanisms and the
temperamental nature of their steam-powered engines,
WONDERS OF THE IRONWELD they could never be fielded in numbers sufficient enough
As the centre of engineering and manufacturing in to achieve a breakthrough effect. Attempts were made to
Sigmar’s empire, the Ironweld Arsenal outfits the integrate them into the Castelite formations, but rugged
God-King’s mortal armies with a variety of powered war reliability was considered a far more vital asset than
machines. Over the centuries, the guild has modified sheer firepower. The deployment of specialist Cogforts
and adapted its designs many times, cycling old further hammered the nail in the coffin of these
schematics out of development in favour of ever more remarkable machines, which are now more commonly
lethal creations. Even though some of its most famous seen in military parades and private Azyrite collections
devices are no longer in widespread use, these weapons than in the field.
4

ELDRITCH SPECIALISTS
The Collegiate Arcane – the ancient and venerated Once, groups of Battlemages of all stripes were a
institution governing the use of magic across Sigmar’s common sight in Freeguild armies, but in recent years,
empire – has always had an uneasy relationship with the the Collegiate has withdrawn many of its lower-
God-King’s forces. Wizards are, by their very nature, ranking members from front-line service, diverting
uncooperative and truculent, chafing at orders and these sorcerous agents towards combating the arcane
preferring to take matters into their own hands, often horrors of the Hour of Ruin and advancing the
with results as devastating as they are unpredictable. organisation’s cause. Representatives of the magical
Sigmarite soldiers typically find them unsettling and disciplines still fight alongside Sigmar’s mortal armies,
intimidating, quite rightly fearing the consequences of a but rarely do they do so in the same numbers and
badly aimed spell landing amid their ranks. concentrations as before.
Battlemages exemplify all the reality-warping potential
of magically gifted mortals. Some, such as those ‘All the secrets of reality are contained in the
of the fire-wielding Bright College, specialise in arcane motes that drift across the realms. Of
pyrotechnic displays of arcane might, while others, course, it is also highly useful that one can
such as the umbral sorcerers of the Grey College, pluck them from the air and transform them
prefer to employ illusion and misdirection to into a lightning bolt or ball of flame.’
leave their foes helpless. Each of the colleges
considers its own art superior, of course, and – Gilhuff, Battlemage of the Bright College
friendly rivalries
occasionally
flare up into Amber Battlemages hailing from the hunter’s realm
genuine feuds. of Ghur are experts in bestial transmogrification and
aspect-changing, and their service to the Freeguilds
is well recorded in the annals. They would often ride
to battle atop mighty two-headed Ghurish griffons,
massive predators capable of ripping a horse in two with
a wrench of their muscled forelimbs.
But what those who waged battle with the Collegiate
in the early days of Sigmar’s empire remember most
clearly – and with appropriate dread – is their
complements of eldritch war machines. These
contraptions were unpredictable and dangerous
to operate, but they made up for this with a
tremendous level of destructive potential.
Often controlled by senior Battlemages, the
terrifying Luminarks of Hysh were intended to
empower the rituals of banishment and exorcism in
which the White College specialised. Concentrating an
energy beam through a series of aetherquartz lenses,
they unleashed a pinpoint ray of pure radiance that
could punch through a city wall or incinerate an entire
rank of footsoldiers in a searing flash. But for all their
value as weapons of mass destruction, these devices were
incredibly delicate and difficult to maintain. Though the
White College still possesses several Luminarks, they
are rarely seen on the battlefield and are instead used in
various esoteric experiments.
Celestial Hurricanums, meanwhile, were primarily
operated by the Celestial Battlemages of Azyr. Each
consisting of a whirling orrery precariously balanced
atop a rattling altar, these devices channelled heavenly
power in order to summon blasts of lightning
that crashed amongst their foes. In extremis, the
Hurricanums could be supercharged by their operators,
unleashing aetheric storms to hurl their targets around
like ragged dolls.
5

CLANS OF THE DISPOSSESSED
The descendants of the once-proud duardin civilisations
that thrived in the mountainous regions of the
Mortal Realms were known by Sigmar’s folk as the
Dispossessed, although they themselves preferred the
traditional term ‘Khazalid’. They escaped the fires of
the Age of Chaos by retreating to Azyr alongside the
God-King’s armies, subsequently dedicating their
considerable talents for industry, stonework and battle-
craft to aiding Sigmar’s vision of restoration – and to
fulfilling their bitter grudges against the servants of
ruin. For centuries, they were the sturdy anvil upon
which Azyr’s enemies were broken and the craftsman’s
hammer that built the foundations of a better world.
‘Ah, so ye’ve got yerselves pinned down by a
bunch of slobberin’ thaggoraki, have ye? Don’t
worry, manling. The heirs of Grungni are here
to pull your scorched backside out of the fire.’
– Warden King Thumbarr Goldglint
Even now, with the vast majority of the Dispossessed
having emigrated from the free cities to rejoin their
recently returned god Grungni, the bond between
human and duardin remains – for the most part – as
strong as stone. The Dispossessed still fight alongside
their Freeguild comrades, even if they now wear
the colours and heraldry of their restored mountain
kingdoms, and their service in the war against the Dark
Gods will not soon be forgotten.
muscularity – honed by hours spent in the forges or
Warden Kings were the leaders of the Dispossessed mine-tunnels of their underground karaks – making
clans, inheritors of a proud but shattered legacy. In a them natural fighters. The shield-bearing elites known
society that prized wisdom and experience above all, as Ironbreakers were the core of the city-aligned duardin
they were almost universally grizzled, grey-haired and hosts; these walking tanks were clad from head to toe
scarred, veterans of a hundred or more battles and in gromril, a remarkable metal alloy renowned for its
tunnel skirmishes. A duardin’s strength and resilience extreme durability. One who reads the annals of any
does not fade with age, and the Warden Kings were of the great Freeguilds will come across numerous
expected to be the greatest champions of their people. examples of Ironbreakers stubbornly holding a position
They fought in the front ranks with hammers or axes, against overwhelming numbers, delaying and bloodying
their master-crafted shields turning enemy attacks the enemy until reinforcements arrived.
harmlessly aside while they bellowed orders and oaths to
the duardin’s Ancestor Gods. However, the Dispossessed’s way of war was not
entirely defensive. They fielded formations of heavy
Never far from the Warden King’s side was their infantry known as Longbeards, who used their
Runelord, one of the most important figures of the shields as bludgeons whilst hacking away with their
royal court. These learned individuals were masters axes, grumbling all the while. Then there were the
of runecraft: the duardin art of hammering arcane Hammerers, who expertly wielded two-handed mauls
energy into sigils in order to fill inanimate items that could split rock like cordwood; these duardin
with awesome power. Such abilities could be used to would smash into the weak flanks of the enemy, causing
snuff out wild sorcery or to unleash sudden blasts of mayhem and panic with every sweeping blow. Even
force, leaving enemies sprawling and vulnerable to a more terrifying were the Irondrakes, blackpowder
well-placed axe blow. specialists who wielded heavy guns the size of small
cannons, firing gouts of flesh-melting flame or torpedoes
Duardin have always had a strong martial tradition, with explosive warheads powerful enough to blast a
their short, stocky frames, physical stamina and troggoth into pieces.
6

DUARDIN WAR MACHINES
Duardin engineering has a long and proud history, in favour of racks of grudgesettler bombs. Though it
for the folk of the mountains are natural mechanics possessed a hull-mounted gun for self-defence, the
and inventors who can intricately work stone and Gyrobomber’s main role was that of a flying artillery
metal as if they were fine thread. Indeed, Grungni’s piece, releasing its explosive complement over the heads
folk contributed much founding knowledge to the of an enemy army and shredding scores of terrified foes
Ironweld Arsenal, the industrial power of Sigmar’s in a storm of fire and shrapnel.
empire. Their designs favour rugged reliability and
efficiency, and most duardin creations continue
to operate at full capacity for centuries after their ‘Oi! Stop swinging that hammer like you’re
first forging, crewed by successive generations of tryin’ to bash in a troggoth’s skull. Damned
grizzled combat engineers. reckless beardling. You treat these engines
with respect, or Grimnir help me, I’ll stick a
It might seem strange that duardin, so closely
grudgesettler bomb up your nose!’
associated with ground warfare and tunnel fighting,
managed to develop and utilise powerful aircraft. But – Cogsmith Klingi Sootbeard
the old Khazalid mountainholds were used to vying
for control of the skies with blimp-riding grots, winged
monsters and all manner of other menaces – their Studiously attending to these aerial war machines –
karaks were regularly attacked from above as well as and to the many other engineering marvels of
from below. As a result, duardin inventors created the the Dispossessed armies – were the Cogsmiths,
heavy, barrel-bodied flyers known as Gyrocopters, master mechanics and inveterate tinkerers. Trained
which, despite their bulky profile, proved the equal from beardlings in the arts of smithing, these no-
of any skyborne threat. Flown by a single pilot and nonsense duardin could keep even the most complex
equipped with lead-spitting cannons or guns that mechanisms in perfect working order, no matter
could emit streams of flame or gouts of scalding steam, how long had passed since their construction. They
Gyrocopters were a deadly asset. also packed a double-barrelled shotgun known as
a ‘grudge-raker’ and a pair of pistols, just in case
The Gyrobomber was a heavier version of the the enemy had the nerve to interrupt them halfway
Gyrocopter that sacrificed some speed and agility through their repairs.
7

AELVES OF SIGMAR’S DOMAIN
When Sigmar retreated to Azyr following his defeat
at the hands of the Dark Gods, he took with him
many aelven refugees who fled the destruction of
their ancient settlements. Long-lived, graceful and
thoughtful, these traumatised beings proved an asset
to the God-King’s cause. Many served him as advisors,
artisans and arcane experts, while others sought refuge
in the pristine forests of the Realm of Heavens, forming
tight-knit social groups. Yet even the most loyal of
these Azyrite aelves never truly felt at peace in Sigmar’s
realm, for they yearned for the world that had been
taken from them.
Some became bitter and cruel of aspect, plotting
vengeance at all costs. Many of these aelves hailed from
proud and warlike civilisations; they would never have
considered humans worthy friends, had it not been for
their greater hatred of Chaos and its servants. When
Sigmar returned to the Mortal Realms to wage war, they
were eager to join the conflict – not for noble reasons of
comradeship and debts owed but because they wished to
take back their ancestral holdings from the great enemy.
Seldom did these hard-hearted aelves earn the love of
their Sigmarite allies, but their ruthless efficiency could
not be denied.
ARMIES OF DREAD
The leaders of the aelven auxiliary forces were
undoubtedly the Dreadlords of the Order Serpentis,
fearsome dragon-riding warlords who followed the
traditions of Narkath, an Ulguan empire wiped out
during the Age of Chaos. The heirs of Narkath fled to SHADOWBLADES
Azyr, but they took with them the knowledge of how The art of assassination does not have quite the
to tame monstrous beasts such as the infamous Black same grim image among aelven cultures as it does
Dragon. Sleek, dark and cruel, Black Dragons are in human circles, for many aelves respect the
capable of breathing gusts of lung-dissolving poison, efficiency and mercy of severing the cord of one life
and their claws and fangs tear through flesh with to save many more. Embodying this notion were the
terrifying ease. Dreadlords considered them the only Shadowblades, a secretive order of aelven spies and
mounts worthy of carrying them into battle, where these contract killers dedicated to pruning the enemies
commanders looked forward to displaying their own of civilisation one by one. Even Sigmar was not too
martial expertise with blade, lance and shield. proud to employ the Shadowblades to accomplish
the tasks his investigators and hunters could not.
The Order Serpentis also fielded formations of
Drakespawn Knights, aelf champions clad in blackened The Shadowblades’ Assassins preferred to stalk their
steel plate and mounted atop bipedal reptiles whose prey for days, sometimes weeks, before committing
lashing talons were just as deadly as their riders’ lances. to a strike, using their near-supernatural skills to
Unlike horses and other quadrupeds, Drakespawn did blend with the shadows before slipping a poisoned
not lose their effectiveness once they had engaged in blade into a vital organ. Those foes who managed
close combat; rather, they entered a blood-crazed frenzy, to take flight would be run down by galloping
kicking out to disembowel their prey or crushing bone Dark Riders, relentless mounted killers armed with
with their powerful jaws. Some of these creatures were repeating crossbows and lances.
trained to pull swift Drakespawn Chariots, crewed by
scarred aelven hunters armed with bows and javelins.
War Hydra – a multi-headed, fire-spitting monstrosity
In their quest to expand their control over draconic possessed of powers of extraordinary regeneration. Sent
beasts, the Narkathians had dedicated themselves to forth into battle by Serpentis beastmasters, these horrors
many sorcerous practices that would have shocked and would spew flames in blazing arcs all around them,
appalled outsiders. Attempts at breeding and refining rapidly growing new body parts to replace those hacked
their reptilian companions led to the creation of the off by their enemies.
8

SCOURGE OF THE SEA
Ever has aelven seamanship been the envy of coast- better unbalance and outmatch their foes, though some
dwelling peoples, for their ships carve through water chose to carry compact one-handed crossbows that
with ethereal grace and their sailors can scale a creaking could propel a bolt into an enemy’s eye at twenty yards.
topmast in a matter of moments. These talents have
not always been turned to benevolent ends, but Sigmar
was willing to employ even the most cold-blooded FIENDS FROM THE ABYSS
corsair in pursuit of the enemy’s destruction. The Perhaps the foremost talent of the Scourge fleets
Scourge Privateers formed the de facto navy of the was their ability to seek out and capture some of the
Cities of Sigmar for many centuries and served with realmseas’ most horrific monstrosities. Most of these
distinction, if not honour. Their sleek-hulled craft and abyss-dwelling terrors ended up carved into pieces,
floating fortresses were a symbol of dread across the their flesh, talons and toxins fetching a good price
Mortal Realms, but eventually their methods became back at port. But some offered particularly fine sport,
too brutal for the God-King to countenance. They would especially when unleashed upon an unsuspecting
find gainful employment with the goddess Morathi- enemy. The Kharibdyss was such a beast, a pallid and
Khaine, guarding the waterways of her Ulguan holdings. slimy pelagic nightmare able to hunt on land or amidst
the lightless depths. It possessed multiple tentacle-like
Black Ark Fleetmasters were the dreaded warlords of the heads crowned by sharp teeth; these would snatch up
Scourge, named after the colossal vessels that formed whatever living things were nearby, gulping them down
the core of the corsair fleets. These rakish, cruel-hearted in a series of peristaltic contractions. Kharibdysses were
warriors were notoriously merciless, taking an almost infamous for being able to consume basically anything,
sadistic joy in their work. Expert swordsmen, their their stomach acids breaking down even metal and
blades danced like sunbeams through water as they cut stone without issue.
apart their prey. They draped themselves in cloaks made
from flayed sea monsters and displayed their ill-gotten When they ventured onto land in search of predatory
gains about their person with a careless flamboyancy beasts to fill the cages in their holds, the Scourge
that belied their true nature. Privateers often fielded two-man Scourgerunner
Chariots. Designed to be fast, agile and able to cross
For all their skill at naval warfare, so too were the even rough terrain, these war machines were pulled by
Scourge Privateers perfectly capable of raiding deep fleet-footed steeds and equipped with a vicious harpoon
inland in search of plunder or glory. Hardened by their launcher. Troublesome prey would be tracked by several
profession, Black Ark Corsairs fought in an acrobatic charioteers; loosing barbed missiles, they wore the
swashbuckling style, often favouring twin swords to monster down with each gaping wound they inflicted.

THE DARKLING
COVENS
Of all the aelven cultures that escaped the Age of Chaos,
perhaps the most infamous and least understood were
the Darkling Covens. Steeped in sorcery and secrecy,
these insular sects hailed from Ulgu and saw it as their
divine right to rule the Realm of Shadows. They were
uneasy partners of the God-King, for they willingly
practised forms of mind control and enchantment, first
rendering foes pliable and then using them as thralls to
advance their interests. Sigmar tolerated the Darkling
Covens because of their expertise in illusion and shadow
magic, which he knew would be invaluable when the
moment came to send troops into Ulgu and other dark
corners of the realms.
Despite their relatively small numbers, the Darkling
Covens were highly influential in the years following the
breaking of Sigmar’s Tempest. Their enclaves thrived
in the gloomy, seldom-visited areas of the free cities,
and it was a common sight to see the strangely empty-
eyed soldiers of the Covens marching alongside human
infantry, obeying the orders of their masters without a
flicker of doubt or delay.
‘What you call cruelty, I simply call expediency.
When one is fighting a war, one must do so with
the utmost ruthlessness. To do otherwise merely
encourages the enemy.’
– K’thra Druveath,
Sorceress of the Darkling Covens
The alliance between the Covens and the Sigmarites,
however, would prove a temporary one. Both parties
had differences too great to be ignored, and as the
aelven goddess Morathi-Khaine grew her power
in Ulgu, the Covens naturally gravitated towards
those new opportunities, returning to their ancient
homelands to revenge themselves upon those who had
usurped their control.
The Sorceresses who ruled over the Darkling Covens
did so with a combination of glimmering charisma and
ruthless exploitation. Reclusive and untrusting even of
their own kin, these figures nonetheless wielded great
influence in the armies of the Cities of Sigmar, acting as
advisors and arcane experts for many crusading hosts.
They were considered amongst the finest shadow mages
in Sigmar’s empire, though their true gifts lay in mental
domination; their troops obeyed them not out of loyalty
but because of layered enchantments that robbed them
of the chance to question their Sorceress’s commands.
Some Sorceresses preferred the grandeur and
intimidation of riding a gigantic Black Dragon,
making use of their long-held connections to the Order
Serpentis. If they were terrifying enough on foot, the

addition of a scaly, wiry behemoth transformed these The next tier of the Covens’ military structure consisted
spellcasters into figures of dark horror as they descended of the elite Black Guard. These high-helmed warriors
from the skies atop the acid-spewing beasts, adding wielded devilishly sharp halberds and protected their
to the resulting devastation with a few well-aimed Sorceress with a determination that bordered on
bolts of magic. fanaticism. Trained from childhood in the gladiatorial
arenas of their kind, they presented their enemies with
The military of the Darkling Covens was divided into an impassable barrier of deadly metal, hacking down at
three central pillars, the first comprising front-line any foes foolish enough to engage them.
troops armed with the familiar weapons of Ulguan
aelves. Dreadspears wielded long-hafted pikes to Finally, the most fearsome of the Covens’ warriors were
keep the enemy at bay, jabbing and thrusting whilst the Executioners. Each wearing an eerie skull-mask and
remaining in a phalanx formation that was stubbornly armed with a traditional aelven greatsword known as a
difficult to break. Bleakswords were equipped with draich, these figures venerated forgotten aelven deities
a jagged sword and shield, granting them greater of war and strife – including Khaine the Murder God,
adaptability and the ability to defend themselves against according to dark rumours. They swept their weapons
missile attacks. Lastly – and perhaps most importantly in lethal arcs, decapitating foes with every strike and
for the success of the Darkling strategy – were the seeming to draw energy from every kill. Some humans
Darkshards, who bore repeating crossbows that could who fought alongside these masked slayers swore that
fill the sky with lethal bolts. While the heavy infantry they were not aelves at all but some kind of shadowy
lines kept the foe at a safe distance, these marksmen daemon-kin. Whether or not such a claim was true, it
would unleash incessant, withering volleys into their can hardly be denied that the Executioners swayed many
unprotected flanks. battles in favour of their Sigmarite allies.

BATTLETOME SUPPLEMENT
CITIES OF SIGM AR
Every Citadel Miniature is a unique piece of the
ever-evolving narrative of Warhammer. It is, then, an
unfortunate truth that we can’t continue to sell and
support every model we’ve ever made indefinitely. As
we make new models, and new books to explore their
background and rules, we have to stop producing and
featuring some older models. But just like many of
you, we still treasure our collections of older Citadel
Miniatures, and we still want to be able to use them in
games and forge glorious narratives on the tabletop!
On 1st June 2027, these rules will move over to
Warhammer Legends. This means that they will
no longer be legal for competitive play. When that
time comes, we encourage you to continue to use
your collection for casual play, and we will continue
to support this battletome supplement with rules
updates as needed throughout the current edition of
Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The battle formations and
warscrolls in this battletome supplement are part of the Celestial and Bright Battlemages
Cities of Sigmar faction.
BATTLE FORMATIONS
You can pick 1 of the following battle formations for a Cities of Sigmar army instead of picking one from the Cities of
Sigmar faction rules.
THRALL WARHOST GRUDGEBOUND WAR THRONG
Once Per Turn (Army), Start of Battle Round Once Per Turn (Army), Enemy Combat Phase
HAVE NO MERCY: Their mistress’s commands I’VE SEEN WORSE AND KILLED BETTER: The
echoing in their minds, the aelves of the Darkling duardin who battle for the Cities of Sigmar are as
Covens are compelled to murder the foe with pitiless gruff and critical as they are loyal, courageous and
efficiency, their dark-hearted kin joining them in bold. Little can move them once their mind is set or
the slaughter. their feet planted.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit to be the target. Declare: Pick an enemy unit that charged this
turn and is in combat with any friendly Cities of
Effect: Until the start of the next battle round, Sigmar Duardin units that did not charge this
add 1 to wound rolls for combat attacks made by turn to be the target.
friendly Cities of Sigmar Aelf units that target
that enemy unit while it is damaged or has had any Effect: Roll a dice. On a 4+, other than the
models slain in the same turn. Companion weapon ability, weapon abilities for
the target’s combat attacks have no effect for the
rest of the turn.
12
FACTION
RULES

MOVE
• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S FR EEGUILD M A RSH A L
L 15 4+ A
A V
E E ON GRIFFON
H
5
CONTROL MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Marshal’s Armaments
5 3+ 4+ 1 2
Charge (+1 Damage)
A Freeguild Marshal mounted
Griffon’s Razor Claws and Deadly Beak
upon a noble griffon surveys 6 4+ 2+ 2 3
Companion
the battlefield from on high.
Identifying where their presence
is most required, they descend Passive Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared the
like a speeding comet to lay
waste to their enemies, inspiring BATTLE DAMAGED Any Combat Phase ‘Redeploy’ command for a friendly
their comrades with word Effect: While this unit has 10 or PIERCING BLOODROAR: The Cities of Sigmar unit wholly
and deed. more damage points, the Attacks shrill war cry of a mighty griffon within 12" of this unit
characteristic of its Griffon’s Razor can shatter the enemy’s resolve. TACTICAL ACUMEN: Those
Claws and Deadly Beak is 4. Freeguild Marshals who have
Declare: Pick up to 3 enemy units
earned the right to ride a griffon
in combat with this unit to be
into battle not only are skilled
the targets.
warriors but also possess shrewd
Effect: Roll a dice for each target. tactical minds.
On a 4+, the target cannot use
Effect: If you roll a 1-3 when
commands for the rest of the turn.
determining the distance that unit
Keywords Rampage can move, you can use a value of
4 instead.
Hero, Monster, Fly
KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
13

MOVE
• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
8"
H
T S
L 12 2+A STEA M TA NK COMM A NDER
A V
E E
H
5
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Steam Cannon 18" 1 4+ 2+ 1 D3+2
At the forefront of larger Steam
Tank formations ride the Steam Steam Gun 12" 2D6 2+ 4+ - 1
Tank Commanders, veterans of
countless battles who are deft
at coordinating shock assaults Commander’s Rifle 18" 3 3+ 3+ 1 2
that leave the enemy shattered
and reeling. MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Commander’s Sword 3 3+ 4+ 1 2
Crushing Wheels
6 4+ 2+ 1 2
Companion
Once Per Battle, Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Your Shooting Phase
MORE PRESSURE!: Pumping pressure into the valves and pistons of a
DIVISION COMMANDER: Steam Tank can improve its performance – but risks a catastrophic backfire.
From atop the turret, the
Effect: Roll 2D6. If the roll is less than the number of damage points this unit
commander directs the other
has, inflict D3 mortal damage on this unit. Otherwise, pick 1 of the following
tanks in their division upon
effects to apply to this unit until the start of your next turn:
the battlefield.
Power the Wheels: This unit can use a Run ability and still use Shoot
Declare: Pick up to 2 friendly
and/or Charge abilities later in the turn.
Steam Tank units to be the targets.
Power the Guns: Add 3 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Effect: For the rest of the turn,
Steam Gun.
add 1 to hit rolls for shooting
attacks made by this unit and by
each target.
Hero, War Machine
KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
14

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
STEA M TA NK FLAGELLA NTS
MOVE MOVE
8" 6"
H Clanking monstrosities of steel and iron, Steam H Entirely consumed by their zealous faith in the
T S Tanks rattle across the battlefield, blasting away T S God-King, these holy warriors long for nothing more
A L12 2+ A V at targets with their cannons and steam-spewing A L 1 6+A V than to martyr themselves in battle. Armed with
E E guns while grinding yet more to paste beneath their E E little more than clubs and flails, they leap upon their
H H
5 metal-clad wheels. 1 foes in a frenzied mob.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Castigating Flails
Steam Cannon 18" 1 4+ 2+ 1 D3+2 2 4+ 4+ - 1
and Clubs
Steam Gun 12" 2D6 2+ 4+ - 1
Passive
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg GLORIOUS MARTYRS: While led by leaders of their faith,
Flagellants will hurl themselves into battle with reckless fury.
Crushing Wheels
6 4+ 2+ 1 2
Companion Effect: While a friendly Sigmarite Priest is wholly within
this unit’s combat range, add 1 to wound rolls for this unit’s
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase combat attacks.
MORE PRESSURE!: Pumping pressure into the valves and
pistons of a Steam Tank can improve its performance – but risks a
catastrophic backfire.
Effect: Roll 2D6. If the roll is less than the number of damage points
this unit has, inflict D3 mortal damage on this unit. Otherwise, pick
1 of the following effects to apply to this unit until the start of your
next turn:
Power the Wheels: This unit can use a Run ability and still use
Shoot and/or Charge abilities later in the turn.
Power the Guns: Add 3 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Steam Gun.
War Machine Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
15

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
BATTLEM AGE
BATTLEM AGE
ON GRIFFON
MOVE MOVE
5" 12"
H Masters of the arcane arts, the grizzled Battlemages H When mounted atop a furious, twin-headed Ghurish
T S T S
L 5 6+A of the Collegiate Arcane summon lethal storms L 15 4+ A griffon, a Battlemage of the Amber College can lay
A E E V of magic to lay waste to their foes and shield their A E E V waste to their foes from afar or strike from on high in
H comrades from harm with protective enchantments. H a vicious frenzy of stabbing beaks and ripping talons.
2 5
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Amber Spear
Wizard’s Staff 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3 12" 3 4+ 3+ 1 D3
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Once Per Battle (Army), Deployment Phase
Beaststaff 3 4+ 3+ 1 D3
PROTECTIVE FOCUS: Such is this Battlemage’s unwavering
concentration on one facet of their arcane arsenal that it renders them
Griffon’s Razor Claws
immune to the adverse effects of spellcasting.
and Twin Beaks 6 4+ 2+ 2 3
Effect: Pick a Spell ability that this unit can use. For the rest of Companion
the battle, no mortal damage is inflicted on this unit if it miscasts
that spell.
Passive
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Griffon’s Razor Claws and Twin Beaks is 4.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
GHURISH FEROCITY: The twin-headed griffons of Ghur
ridden by Amber Battlemages are alpha predators that prey upon
other megafauna.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 2+, add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this
unit’s Griffon’s Razor Claws and Twin Beaks for attacks that target
enemy Monsters for the rest of the turn.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry Hero, Monster, Wizard (1), Fly
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
16

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
BATTLEM AGE
LUMINA R K OF HYSH
ON LUMINARK OF HYSH
MOVE MOVE
8" 8"
H The Luminark of Hysh is a devastating arcane war H Powerful Light Wizards from the upper echelons of
T S T S the Collegiate Arcane sometimes ride to war upon a
A L E 10 4+ E A V ae m th a e c r h q i u n a e r , t c z a o p p ab ti l c e s o i f n f o o r c d u e s r in t g o l u ig n h le t a t s h h r o a u b g e h a m its o f A L E 12 4+ E A V Lu t m o i v n a a p r o k r i o s f e H th ys e h d , i d re ir s e t c t t h i r n e g a i t t s s o s f e t a h r e in e g n b em ea y m w o h f i l ls ig t ht
H soulfire that vaporises everything in its path. H
5 5 deftly casting scouring sorceries of their own.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Searing Beam of Light 24" 1 2+ See below Searing Beam of Light 24" 1 2+ See below
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Warhorses’ Wizard’s Staff 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3
Steel-shod Hooves 4 5+ 3+ - 1
Companion
Warhorses’
Steel-shod Hooves 4 5+ 3+ - 1
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase Companion
AURA OF PROTECTION: Luminarks of Hysh have a protective
magical aura that can be activated in times of need. Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Cities of Sigmar unit wholly within AURA OF PROTECTION: Luminarks of Hysh have a protective
12" of this unit to be the target. magical aura that can be activated in times of need.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, until the start of your next turn, the target Declare: Pick a visible friendly Cities of Sigmar unit wholly within
has Ward (6+) while it is wholly within 12" of and visible to this unit. 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, until the start of your next turn, the target
Passive has Ward (6+) while it is wholly within 12" of and visible to this unit.
SEARING BEAM OF LIGHT: As interlocking lenses of aetherquartz
click into place, a beam of blinding white light shoots forth to incinerate Passive
all before it.
SEARING BEAM OF LIGHT: As interlocking lenses of aetherquartz
Effect: Each time this unit attacks with its Searing Beam of Light, click into place, a beam of blinding white light shoots forth to incinerate
pick a point on the battlefield within range to be the target. If the all before it.
attack scores a hit, draw a straight line between that point and the
Effect: Each time this unit attacks with its Searing Beam of Light,
closest point on this unit’s base. Inflict D3 mortal damage on each
pick a point on the battlefield within range to be the target. If the
visible unit (friendly and enemy) that the line passes across.
attack scores a hit, draw a straight line between that point and the
closest point on this unit’s base. Inflict D3 mortal damage on each
visible unit (friendly and enemy) that the line passes across.
War Machine Hero, War Machine, Wizard (1)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
17

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
CELESTI A L
BATTLEM AGE
HUR R ICA NUM ON CELESTIAL HURRICANUM
MOVE MOVE
8" 8"
H One of the most complex and deadly creations of the H Celestial Battlemages harness the cosmic power of
T S T S High Azyr to bring down storms and send arcs of
A L E 10 4+ E A V a C r o c l a le n g e i o at r e r , e t r h y e t h C a e t l e c s a t n ia s l u H m u m rr o ic n a a n u fu m ri i o s u a s g m ig a a g n ic ti a c l A L E 12 4+ E A V lig u ht n n le in a g sh c i a n s g c a r d aw in e g l e th m r e o n u t g a h l p th o e w r e a r n th k a s t o i f s t t h e e r r e i n b e le m y,
H storm to lay waste to enemy warriors. H
5 5 to witness.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Warhorses’ Wizard’s Staff 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3
Steel-shod Hooves 4 5+ 3+ - 1
Companion
Warhorses’
Steel-shod Hooves 4 5+ 3+ - 1
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase Companion
PORTENTS OF BATTLE: Celestial Hurricanums leak magical
energy, granting nearby soldiers visions of the imminent future that Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
allow them to land their blows with uncanny accuracy.
PORTENTS OF BATTLE: Celestial Hurricanums leak magical
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Cities of Sigmar unit wholly within energy, granting nearby soldiers visions of the imminent future that
12" of this unit to be the target. allow them to land their blows with uncanny accuracy.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to hit rolls for the target’s combat Declare: Pick a visible friendly Cities of Sigmar unit wholly within
attacks until the start of your next turn. 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to hit rolls for the target’s combat
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase attacks until the start of your next turn.
STORM OF SHEMTEK: A Celestial Hurricanum can summon a
magical storm to batter the foe with the fury of the heavens. As the Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase
battle rages, the tempest grows ever stronger.
STORM OF SHEMTEK: A Celestial Hurricanum can summon a
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be magical storm to batter the foe with the fury of the heavens. As the
the target. battle rages, the tempest grows ever stronger.
Effect: Make a number of D3 rolls equal to the current battle round Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be
number. For each 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the the target.
target equal to the roll.
Effect: Make a number of D3 rolls equal to the current battle round
number. For each 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
target equal to the roll.
War Machine Hero, War Machine, Wizard (1)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite Order, Cities of Sigmar, Sigmarite
18

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
WA R DEN K ING RUNELOR D
MOVE MOVE
4" 4"
H Warden Kings are the leaders of the Dispossessed H Runelords have mastered the ancient art of rune-
T S duardin, venerable fighters and strategists T S
A L E 5 3+ E A V com w b h a o t a s n e t e s k a o n u d t b th lu e d m ge o o st n f t e h a e r m so m to e d e e n a e t m h w y ith A L E 5 3+ E A V u s n ha b p in in d g h . o Th st r il o e u m gh a g r i i c tu o a r l s im of b h u a e m th m e e w r e c a r p aft on , t s h o e f y t h ca e n ir
H H kin with fearsome killing power.
2 rune-carved warhammers. 2
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Rune Staff and
Runic Hammer 5 3+ 3+ 2 2 3 4+ 3+ 1 D3
Forgehammer
Once Per Battle (Army), Deployment Phase Passive
ANCESTRAL GRUDGEBEARER: Every Warden King knows RUNES OF SPELLBREAKING: Runelords dampen the magic of
the names of those who wronged their forebears. As they march out to their enemies with ancient sigils of unbinding.
defend or reclaim their holds, they seek to settle those grudges.
Effect: This unit can use the ‘Unbind’ ability as if it had Wizard (1).
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in your opponent’s army to bear a grudge
against. You can pick an enemy unit that is in reserve.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase 5
Effect: For the rest of the battle, add 1 to wound rolls for combat
FORGEFIRE: Calling upon the latent power of runic engravings,
attacks made by friendly Cities of Sigmar Duardin units that
Runelords imbue the weapons of their kin with ancient might.
target that unit.
Declare: Pick a friendly Cities of Sigmar Duardin unit wholly
within 12" of this unit to be the target, then make a chanting roll
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit
of D6.
FEARLESS LEADER: Warden Kings are often first into the fray,
Effect: If the chanting roll was 10+, you can pick another eligible unit
with their oathsworn kin following closely in their wake swinging
to be a second target. Until the start of your next turn, add 1 to the
gromril hammers and settling grudges.
Rend characteristic of each target’s melee weapons.
Effect: Pick a friendly Cities of Sigmar Duardin unit that has
not used a Fight ability this turn and is within this unit’s combat Keywords Prayer
range to be the target. The target can be picked to use a Fight
ability immediately after the Fight ability used by this unit has
been resolved.
Hero, Infantry Hero, Priest (1), Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin
19

MOVE
• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S
L 6 3+A GY ROBOMBER
A V
E E
H
2
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Clattergun 12" 3 4+ 3+ 1 D3
Gyrobombers are heavy assault MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
aircraft equipped with racks
of devastating bombs that Rotor Blades 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3
they rain on the heads of their
targets, enveloping them in a
deadly storm of explosions and
flying shrapnel. Once Per Turn (Army), Your Movement Phase
GRUDGEBUSTER BOMBS: Gyrobombers swoop over the enemy lines,
dropping a lethal payload onto the hapless warriors below.
Declare: If this unit used a Move ability this phase, pick an enemy unit that
does not have Fly and that this unit passed across this turn to be the target.
Effect: Pick 1 of the following effects:
Tactical Bombing: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on
the target equal to the roll.
Drop It All!: Make 2 rolls of D3. For each 2+, inflict an amount of mortal
damage on the target equal to the roll. Then, roll a D3 for each unit (friendly
and enemy) within the target’s combat range that does not have Fly. On a 2+,
inflict an amount of mortal damage on that unit equal to the roll. Once the
‘Drop It All!’ effect of this ability has been resolved, this unit cannot use this
ability again for the rest of the battle.
War Machine, Fly
KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin
20

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
GY ROCOPTER COGSMITH
MOVE MOVE
12" 4"
H Small and nimble single-duardin fighter craft, H Grizzled combat engineers who know how to squeeze
T S Gyrocopters roar over the heads of their targets T S peak performance and killing power from any war
A L 5 3+A V in tight formation, strafing them with flames or A L 5 3+A V machine, Cogsmiths are also proficient warriors
E E scalding steam before wheeling away to begin E E capable of cutting down those who would interfere
H H
2 another attack run. 2 with their field repairs.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Gyrocopter Guns 12" 5 4+ 3+ 1 D3 Cogsmith’s Firearms 15" 4 3+ 3+ 1 1
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Rotor Blades 3 4+ 4+ 1 D3 Gun Butt and Cog Axe 3 4+ 4+ 1 2
Once Per Battle (Army), Your Movement Phase Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
GUILD BOMBS: A lone Gyrocopter pilot is tasked with deploying a DIRECT THE GYROCORPS: With phosphorescent munitions,
payload of these volatile blackpowder explosives. Cogsmiths can direct bombing runs and counter-attacks by the gyro-
machines of the Ironweld Arsenal.
Declare: If this unit used a Move ability this phase, pick an enemy
unit that does not have Fly and that this unit passed across this turn Declare: Pick up to 3 visible friendly Gyrocopter or Gyrobomber
to be the target. units wholly within 18" of this unit to be the targets.
Effect: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the Effect: Roll a dice for each target. On a 3+, until the start of your
target equal to the roll. next turn:
• Add 1 to hit rolls for the target’s attacks.
• Add 2" to the target’s Move characteristic.
War Machine, Fly Hero, Infantry
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin
21

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
IRONBR EA K ERS IRONDR A K ES
MOVE MOVE
4" Ironbreakers are the elite guardians of the 4"
H Dispossessed’s underground fortresses. Clad H Armed with a terrifying array of heavy weaponry,
T S T S Irondrakes overwhelm their foes with torrents of
A L E 1 3+ E A V w f i r e o ld m i n h g e a m d a t s o t e t r o w e o in rk i m ax p e e s r a v n io d u h s a g m ro m m e r r i s l , a t n h d e y A L E 1 3+ E A V fle m sh is - s m il e e l s t , i r n e g l y fl i a n m g e u p a o n n d m vo a l s le te y r s - o c f r a h ft ig e h d - g ex ro p m lo r s i i l v e
H form a formidable wall against which the enemy is H
1 soon shattered. 1 armour to fend off all retaliation.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Drakegun
Ironbreaker Weapon 2 3+ 4+ 1 1 18" 1 3+ 3+ 1 1
Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Passive
Plated Fists 1 3+ 4+ - 1
GROMRIL SHIELDWALL: Once formed up into a shieldwall, a line
of gromril-clad Ironbreakers is nigh impenetrable.
Effect: If this unit has not used a Move ability this turn and was not Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase
set up this turn, attacks that target this unit cannot score critical hits CINDERBLAST BOMB: This weapon explodes in a burst of
(treat them as regular hits instead). shrapnel and flame.
Declare: If this unit is not in combat, pick a visible enemy unit within
6" of it to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
target equal to the roll.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin
22

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
LONGBEA R DS H A MMER ERS
MOVE MOVE
4" 4"
H Longbeards are the oldest and most experienced H Hammerers are traditionally tasked with guarding
T S duardin warriors, as evidenced by their great, T S the Warden Kings in battle. The rhythmic rise
A L 1 3+ A V flowing beards and tendency to grumble on A L 1 3+A V and fall of their gromril mauls instils fear in
E E relentlessly about their enemies and allies alike – E E their enemies just as it lifts the spirits of their
H H
1 even in the thick of battle. 1 fellow duardin.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Gromril Great Hammer
Venerable Weapons 2 3+ 4+ 1 1 2 3+ 3+ 1 1
Charge (+1 Damage)
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase Passive
‘I THOUGHT DUARDIN WERE MADE OF STERNER OATHSWORN: These warriors are oathsworn to protect their liege.
STUFF!’: A disgruntled look from a grumbling Longbeard is often
enough to galvanise the fighting spirits of younger duardin. Effect: While any friendly Warden Kings are wholly within this unit’s
combat range, both this unit and those friendly Warden Kings have
Declare: Pick another friendly Cities of Sigmar Duardin unit Ward (5+).
wholly within 12" of this unit to be the target. You cannot pick a
Longbeards unit.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to wound rolls for the target’s
combat attacks for the rest of the turn.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin Order, Cities of Sigmar, Duardin
23

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
ASSASSIN DA R K R IDERS
MOVE MOVE
6" 12"
H There is no fortress, city or fortified war camp that H For those marked by the Dark Riders, there is
T S T S nowhere to flee. These cloaked killers gallop forth
A L E H 5 5+ E A V t a h n e d f e fe a w re f d d o e e S l s h i v c a e a d r n o e w d h b o b l p y a e t d h t e o e A i s r u s w s r a v i s c i s v k i e e n d t s h d c e a a p n g o n g t e o e r t n s i . t n p fi o l i t s r o a n te s , A L E H 3 4+ E A V u a p n o d n r e r p ed ea -e te y r e d cr s o h s a s d b o o w w m s t a o r d es e , a l l e a v e fa ll t i a n l g b s lo p w ea t r o s
2 1 their quarry.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Poison-coated Blades Repeater Crossbow
12" 2 4+ 4+ - 1
Anti-Hero (+1 Rend), 6 3+ 4+ 1 2 Crit (2 Hits)
Crit (Mortal) MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Barbed Spear
2 3+ 4+ 1 1
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
IN FOR THE KILL: With their target in sight, the Assassin Dark Steed’s Vicious Bite
2 5+ 3+ - 1
bursts from the shadows and unleashes a flurry of attacks upon the Companion
unsuspecting victim.
Effect: This unit has Strike-first if it charged in the same turn. Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn
SOW HAVOC: The speed and discipline of the Dark Riders is
Passive unmatched, allowing them to charge the enemy’s weak points and
retreat before the foe can react.
HIDDEN MURDERER: Stalking the shadows, the Assassin only
reveals their position when they launch a killing strike. Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
Effect: While this unit is within the combat range of a friendly Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+:
Infantry unit that has 5 or more models and there are no enemy
• Inflict D3 mortal damage on the target.
units within this unit’s combat range, this unit is not visible to
• This unit can immediately use the ‘Retreat’ ability as if it were your
enemy units.
movement phase without any mortal damage being inflicted on it.
Hero, Infantry Cavalr St y, a C n h d a a m rd p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 5 a ) n (1/5),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
24

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
DR EA DLOR D
DR A K ESPAW N K NIGHTS
ON BLACK DRAGON
MOVE MOVE
12" 10"
H The feared warlords of the Order Serpentis delight in H Cold-blooded Drakespawn make formidable mounts,
T S inflicting pain and terror upon their foes. They ride T S for not only do they carry their lance-bearing riders
A L 14 4+A V to war on obsidian-scaled dragons that can lay waste A L 3 3+A V towards the enemy with sure-footed speed, their
E E to entire armies with their dagger-like claws and E E fangs and claws are sharp enough to tear through
H H
5 foul, choking breath. 1 metal and bone with ease.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Black Dragon’s Barbed Lance 2 3+ 4+ 1 1
Noxious Breath Charge (+1 Damage)
10" 2D6 2+ 4+ 1 1
Shoot in Combat,
Drakespawn’s
Companion
Ferocious Jaws 3 4+ 3+ 1 1
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Companion
Dreadlord’s Weapons
5 3+ 4+ 1 2
Charge (+1 Damage) Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
Black Dragon’s Claws BESTIAL INSTINCTS: As the Drakespawn tear apart their prey, the
7 4+ 2+ 1 2
Companion scent of fresh gore sends them into a frenzy.
Black Dragon’s Jaws Effect: For the rest of the phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
3 4+ 2+ 2 3
Companion this unit’s Drakespawn’s Ferocious Jaws while it is in combat with
any enemy units that had any damage points allocated to them this
phase or that had any models slain this phase.
Passive
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Black Dragon’s Claws is 4.
Passive
UNDER THE SHADOW OF BLACK WINGS: Dreadlords send in
the cavalry to weaken the enemy before swooping down to deliver the
killing blow.
Effect: Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly Cities of Sigmar Aelf
Cavalry units while they are wholly within 12" of this unit.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
INDISCRIMINATE SLAUGHTER: The cruel rituals involved in
raising Black Dragons curse them with sadistic urges, causing them to
revel in slaughter just as much as their Dreadlord riders.
Declare: Pick each other unit (friendly and enemy) within this unit’s
combat range to be the targets.
Effect: Roll a D3 for each target. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal
damage on the target equal to the roll.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Fly Cavalr St y, a C n h d a a m rd p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 5 a ) n (1/5),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
25

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
DR A K ESPAW N CH A R IOT WA R HY DR A
MOVE MOVE
Greatest of all the abominations spawned by
10" Drakespawn Chariots are elegant yet cruel war 8"
H machines that are highly manoeuvrable thanks H the experiments of the Order Serpentis are the
T S T S monstrosities known as War Hydras, each one
A L E 8 4+ E A V to o f t h sc e y ir t h si i n n g g l b e- la w d h e e s e a l n d d es c i r g e n w . e F d it b te y d s w ki i l t l h e d a n O a rd rr e a r y A L E 12 5+ E A V c f r o e r a t t e h d e t b h a r t o tl u e g fi h e l d d a . r D k r s i o ve rc n e f r o y r a w n a d r d p e b r y f e th ct e l y la t s a h i e lo s r o e f d
H Serpentis knights, they cause dreadful carnage as H
2 they plough into the enemy lines. 5 scarred handlers, these creatures are imprecise but
devastating living weapons.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Barbed Spear 2 3+ 4+ 1 1 Fiery Breath
Charge (+1 Damage) Shoot in Combat, 10" 6 4+ 3+ - D3
Companion
Drakespawn’s
Ferocious Jaws 6 4+ 3+ 1 1 MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Companion
Razor-sharp Fangs
Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend), 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase Companion
SCYTHED RUNNERS: Vicious blades are fitted to this chariot,
carving apart anything that gets in its way. Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn
Declare: If this unit charged this phase, pick an enemy unit within 1" IMPOSSIBLE TO DESTROY: It is almost impossible to kill a
of it to be the target. Hydra, for they regenerate wounds and regrow severed heads with
alarming speed.
Effect: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage on the
target equal to the roll. Effect: Heal (6) this unit.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
SIX-HEADED STRIKE: Stoked into a killing rage by their handlers’
goads and whips, War Hydras lumber forward into battle, each of their
six heads lashing out to strike the enemy.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll 6 dice. For each 3+, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target.
Keywords Rampage
War Machine Monster
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
26

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
BLACK A R K
BLACK A R K CORSA IRS
FLEETM ASTER
MOVE MOVE
6" 6"
H Fleetmasters are rulers of the high seas, Corsair H Cruel-hearted and avaricious, Black Ark Corsairs
T S lords who command the marauding Black Arks of T S are the footsoldiers of the Scourge Privateers.
A L 5 4+ A V the Scourge Privateers. Peerless swordfighters, they A L 1 5+A V Wielding a variety of lethal weapons, they thrive in
E E delight in seeking out worthy foes against whom to E E the chaos of a swirling melee, where their superior
H H
2 test their skill. 1 swordsmanship can be put to deadly use.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Wicked Cutlass and Repeater Handbow 10" 2 4+ 4+ - 1
Murder Hook 5 3+ 4+ 1 2 Shoot in Combat
Crit (Mortal) MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Vicious Blades 2 3+ 4+ - 1
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit
‘AT THEM, YOU CURS!’: Under the gaze of their Fleetmaster,
Scourge Corsairs slaughter the enemy without mercy. Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase
Effect: Pick a friendly Black Ark Corsairs unit that has not used a SWIFT SHOTS: As the enemy bears down upon them, the Corsairs
Fight ability this turn and is within this unit’s combat range to be flick their repeater handbows out from beneath their cloaks and fire
the target. The target can be picked to use a Fight ability immediately them point blank at the surprised foe.
after the Fight ability used by this unit has been resolved. If it is
Effect: If this unit is in combat, it can immediately use the ‘Shoot’
picked to do so, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the target’s
ability as if it were your shooting phase. All attacks must target the
melee weapons for the rest of the turn.
same enemy unit, and the enemy unit picked to be the target of the
attacks must be in combat with this unit and have charged this phase.
Hero, Infantry Infant S r t y a , n C d h a a r m d p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 1 a 0) n (1/10),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
27

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
SCOURGERUNNER
KH A R IBDYSS
CH A R IOT
MOVE MOVE
10" 8"
H Employed to chase down fast-moving prey, H The Kharibdyss is a deep-sea abomination that
T S T S inspires primal terror in its prey. These beasts are
A L E 8 5+ E A V m Sc a o c u h r in g e er s u a n rm ne e r d C w h i a t r h i o a t h s a a r r p e o s o w n i ft la a u n n d c h d e e r a t d h ly a t w c a a r n A L E 12 5+ E A V em fo p r l m oy a e t d io b n y s t , h w e h S e c r o e u up rg o e n P t r h i e v a sc te a e t r te s r t e o d s a h n a d tt e b r r o e k n e e n m y
H cripple even the most fearsome monster. H
2 5 survivors are picked off by the cruel Corsairs.
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Ravager Harpoon 16" 2 3+ 3+ 1 D3 Fanged Tentacles and
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend) Spiked Tail 5 4+ 2+ 1 2
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Companion
Hook Spear
2 3+ 4+ 2 1
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend) Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
Dark Steeds’ Vicious Bites GOADED AND WHIPPED: The Kharibdyss’s handlers lash the
4 5+ 3+ - 1
Companion creature into a murderous frenzy.
Effect: Double the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s Companion
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase melee weapons for the rest of the turn.
PRIZE SPECIMENS: Having sighted monstrous beasts whose
innards fetch a particularly high price on the black market, the aelves Once Per Turn (Army), End of Your Turn
will not rest until the monsters’ corpses are in their possession.
ABYSSAL HOWL: These creatures let loose spine-chilling roars when
Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for they scent the blood of their prey.
this unit’s shooting attacks that target enemy Monsters.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, the target has a maximum control score of
1 for the rest of the turn.
Keywords Rampage
War Machine Monster
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
28

MOVE
• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S SORCER ESS
L 14 4+ A
A V
E E ON BLACK DRAGON
H
5
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Black Dragon’s Noxious Breath
10" 2D6 2+ 4+ 1 1
Shoot in Combat, Companion
Many Sorceresses go to war MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
upon fearsome Black Dragons,
delighting in the terror in the Cruel Weapons 3 3+ 4+ 1 D3
eyes of their enemies as the
scaled beasts spit clouds of
choking fumes and rip their prey Black Dragon’s Claws 7 4+ 2+ 1 2
apart with sword-sized talons. Companion
Black Dragon’s Jaws
3 4+ 2+ 2 3
Companion
Passive Once Per Turn (Army), Once Per Turn (Army),
BATTLE DAMAGED End of Any Turn Your Hero Phase
Effect: While this unit has 10 or FEED ON LIFE FORCE: The COMMAND UNDERLINGS:
more damage points, the Attacks Black Dragon tears into the enemy, The cold-hearted rulers of the
characteristic of its Black Dragon’s spilling copious blood as the Darkling Covens wield absolute
Claws is 4. Sorceress completes her dark ritual. control over their ensorcelled
underlings, commanding them to do
Declare: Pick an enemy unit their bidding unquestioningly.
Passive in combat with this unit to be
the target. Declare: Pick up to 3 friendly
DARK SORCERY: The Sorceress
Cities of Sigmar Aelf
draws power from the blood spilled Effect: Roll a D3. On a 2+, inflict Infantry units wholly within 12"
by her Black Dragon. an amount of mortal damage on of this unit to be targets.
the target equal to the roll. If any
Effect: Add 1 to casting rolls for
enemy models are slain by this Effect: Add 3" to the Move
this unit for each dark sorcery
ability, place a dark sorcery token characteristic of each target for the
token it has.
next to this unit for the rest of the rest of the turn.
battle, to a maximum of 3 tokens.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Wizard (1), Fly
KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
29

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
SORCER ESS BLACK GUA R D
MOVE MOVE
6" 6"
H Despots who rule over the Darkling Covens with H These fanatical warriors guard the rulers of the
T S unquestioned authority and cruel cunning, T S
A L E 5 6+ E A V S b o l r a c s e t r e th ss e e l s i f w e i f e r l o d m d a th rk e i a r n f d o e t s e r o r r i b w l r e a m ck a g th ic e m th a w t i c t a h n A L E 1 4+ E A V cl D ad a r in k l e in n g so C r o ce v l e l n ed s. p A la r t m e, e t d h w ey it p h r e e b se o n n t h a a n l b im er p d a s s a s n ab d l e
H H and deadly obstacle to any who threaten their wards.
2 unimaginable agony. 1
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Witchstaff 1 3+ 4+ 1 D3 Ebon Halberd 2 3+ 4+ 1 1
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase Passive
CRUEL SACRIFICE: The Sorceress shows no mercy as she slits STEEL AND SORCERY: Black Guard are often charged with
the throat of a nearby thrall and draws power from the blood that protecting heroes on the field of battle.
gushes forth.
Effect: While any friendly Cities of Sigmar Aelf Infantry
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Cities of Sigmar Aelf unit wholly Heroes are wholly within this unit’s combat range, both this unit
within 6" of this unit to be the target. and those friendly units have Ward (5+).
Effect: Add 1 to casting rolls for this unit for the rest of the turn. Then,
roll a dice. On a 4+, 1 model in the target unit is slain.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
WORD OF PAIN: The Sorceress utters a forbidden name, wracking
her foes with unbearable pain.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, subtract 1 from hit rolls and wound rolls
for the target’s attacks until the start of your next turn.
Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry Infant S r t y a , n C d h a a r m d p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 1 a 0) n (1/10),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
30

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
DA R KSH A R DS DR EA DSPEA RS
MOVE MOVE
6" 6"
H Armed with fast-firing repeater crossbows, H Dreadspear shieldwalls form the armoured core of
T S T S
L 1 5+ A formations of Darkshards unleash a withering hail L 1 4+A the Darkling Covens’ armies. Fully enthralled to the
A E E V of iron-tipped bolts into their enemies, each volley A E E V service of their masters, these cruel warriors fight
H piercing eyes and puncturing hearts. H and slay with unnerving focus.
1 1
CONTROL CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Master-crafted Darkling Spear 2 3+ 4+ - 1
Repeater Crossbow 15" 2 3+ 4+ - 1 Anti-charge (+1 Rend)
Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
COVEN GUARD: These warriors are trained to wait for the perfect
Cruel Dagger 1 3+ 4+ - 1 moment before thrusting their spears into the hearts of their foes.
Effect: If this unit did not charge this turn, add 1 to wound rolls for
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase this unit’s attacks for the rest of the turn.
STORM OF IRON-TIPPED BOLTS: The skies darken moments
before the enemy is shredded by a volley of iron bolts.
Effect: If this unit has not used a Move ability this turn and was
not set up this turn, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Master-crafted Repeater Crossbows for the rest of the turn.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
31

• CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL • • CITIES OF SIGMAR WARSCROLL •
BLEA KSWOR DS EX ECUTIONERS
MMOOVVEE MMOOVVEE
6" 6"
HH Bleakswords leap into the fray in a blur of flashing HH These skull-masked killers are the most feared
TT SS TT SS warriors of the Darkling Covens. True virtuosos
A L E A L E 1 4+ E A V E A V steel g . r W ac i e e , l d th in ey g s t l h i e c i e r t d h u e e ir l l f i o n e g s s t w o o r r ib d b s o w n i s th w u it n h n a a n tu ral A L E A L E 1 4+ E A V E A V sev o e f r i s n la g u h g e h a t d er s , w th it e h y e h v a e v r e y m sw as in te g r e o d f t t h h e e i r a r c t u o r f v ed
HH unstoppable flurry of strikes. HH
1 1 Executioner’s draichs.
CCOONNTTRROOLL CCOONNTTRROOLL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Darkling Sword
2 3+ 4+ - 1 Executioner’s Draich 2 3+ 4+ 1 1
Crit (2 Hits)
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
MERCILESS CONQUERORS: While the Dreadspears hold the line, SEVERING STRIKE: Heads roll and crimson arcs of hot blood spurt
the Bleakswords are tasked with seizing objectives, viciously cutting into the air as these warriors swing their deadly blades.
down any opponents in a storm of flashing steel.
Effect: If this unit charged this turn, this unit’s melee weapons have
Effect: For the rest of the turn, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of Crit (Mortal).
this unit’s melee weapons while it is contesting an objective you do
not control.
Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10), Infantry, Champion, Musician (1/10),
Standard Bearer (1/10) Standard Bearer (1/10)
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf Order, Cities of Sigmar, Aelf
32

PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER DESIGN STUDIO
With thanks to The Faithful and The Loretesters for their invaluable services.
Battletome Supplement: Cities of Sigmar © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026. Battletome Supplement: Cities of Sigmar, GW, Games Workshop, Citadel,
Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome, Stormcast Eternals, the ‘winged-hammer’ Warhammer logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names,
creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered
around the world. All Rights Reserved.
Permission to download/print for personal use only.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult
supervision. Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.
Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Games Workshop Limited - Irish branch
Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom Unit 3, Lower Liffey Street, Dublin 1, D01 K199, Ireland