S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
FACTION RULES:
OGOR M AWTR IBES
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
You can pick an artefact from this table instead of from other Artefacts of Power tables available to this faction.
PLUNDER OF THE MAWTRIBES (Hero only)
Passive Passive Deployment Phase
A CHOICE CUT: The sight of RUSTY GRATER: KEY TO THE LARDER:
this colossal slab of meat being By attaching this crudely This ogor has promised their
awkwardly hefted across the perforated metal sheet to their favoured warriors access to
battlefield inspires nearby ogors favoured blade, this ogor is one of the legendary larders in
to fight through the pain – the gifted a snack of shredded flesh the Great Gutfort – if they are
quicker they flatten the foe, the when they wield their weapon suitably impressive in battle.
quicker they can get to feasting. with enough ferocity.
Declare: Pick a friendly
Effect: Effect: Each time this unit uses Ogor Infantry unit on the
• This unit cannot use the ‘Eruption of Fury’ ability, battlefield to be the target.
Run abilities. after that ability has been
• Ignore the first damage resolved, Heal (D3) this unit. Effect: For the rest of the battle,
point that would be allocated ignore negative modifiers to hit
to each friendly Ogor rolls and wound rolls for the
Infantry unit each phase target’s combat attacks while
while they are wholly within they are wholly within 12" of
12" of and visible to this unit. and visible to this unit.
MONSTROUS TRAITS
Monstrous Traits are unique enhancements that can only be given to Monsters.
A unit can only have 1 Monstrous Trait.
WELL-FED BEASTS (Ogor Mawtribes Monster only)
Passive Enemy Charge Phase
EXTREMELY OBSTINATE: Once this beast GRUMPY ALPHA: Having established its
has laid claim to something, there is no shifting it. dominance, this irascible beast can bring another
member of the herd to its side with a single bellow.
Effect: This unit has a Control characteristic of 15.
Declare: If this unit is in combat, pick another
visible friendly Ogor Monster wholly within 12"
Any Combat Phase of this unit that is not in combat to be the target.
HORN TOSS: Dipping its head against an
onrushing foe, with an effortless flick of its horns, Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If your opponent’s fury
this beast sends its attacker flying into the air. level is lower than yours, they must increase their
fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7.
Declare: Pick an enemy unit that has no more than
1 model, that is in combat with this unit and that Then, roll a dice. The target can move a distance
has charged this turn to be the target. in inches up to the roll. It can end that move in
combat. If it does so, the target has charged.
Effect: Remove the target from the battlefield and
Keywords Rampage
set it up again within 1" of this unit. Then, roll a
D3. On a 2+, inflict an amount of mortal damage
on the target equal to the roll.
Keywords Rampage
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
MOVE
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
10"
H
T S HUSK A R D
L 14 4+ A
A V
E E ON THUNDERTUSK
H
10
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Ice Blast
12" 1 4+ 2+ 1 D3+2
Companion
Said to have been chosen Chaintrap
by the Everwinter itself, a 12" 1 4+ 3+ 1 3
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend)
Huskard Torr always rides a
Thundertusk, possessing a
natural affinity with the ice- Harpoon Launcher 18" 1 4+ 3+ 1 D3
wreathed beast. As they journey
across the Great Parch, the pair
Blood Vulture 24" 1 2+ 3+ - 1
channel the magical blizzard
to see the realm’s elemental
fury quenched. MMEELLEEEE WWEEAAPPOONNSS AAttkk Hit WWnndd RRnndd Dmg
PPuunncchheess aanndd KKiicckkss 3 4+ 2+ - 1
ThThuunnddeerrttuusskk’’ss CCoolloossssaall TTuusskkss
3 4+ 2+ 1 5
Anti-Infantry ((++11 RReenndd)),, CCoommppaanniioonn
This unit is armed with an Ice Blast, Punches and
Kicks, Thundertusk’s Colossal Tusks, and 1 of the
following options:
• Chaintrap
• Harpoon Launcher
• Blood Vulture
Passive
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage
points, the Attacks characteristic of its
Thundertusk’s Colossal Tusks is 2.
Once Per Turn (Army), Start of Any Turn
EVERWINTER’S IRE: As the Everwinter
rages, the Huskard draws power from its
icy embrace.
Effect: For the rest of the turn:
• While your opponent’s fury level is equal to
or up to 2 levels below your fury level,add 1 to
chanting rolls for this unit.
• While your opponent’s fury level is 3 or more
levels below your fury level, add 2 to chanting
rolls for this unit.
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Your Turn
COOL TEMPERS: So bitterly cold is the aura
that surrounds a Thundertusk that it can even
extinguish the fires of rage that burn within those
who fight in the Bright Realm.
Effect: If this unit is wholly outside friendly
territory and not in combat, your opponent
must reduce their fury level by 1, to a minimum
of 0.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Priest (1)
KEYWORDS
Destruction, Ogor Mawtribes, Ogor, Beastclaw
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
FROSTLOR D
ON THUNDERTUSK
MOVE
10"
H The frigid aura that emanates from a Thundertusk
T S cannot be quelled even by the arid climes of the
A L 15 4+ A V Aqshian deserts, and Frostlord warleaders who ride
E E upon these mammoth-like mounts have a particular
H
10 connection to the eldritch Everwinter.
CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Ice Blast
12" 1 4+ 2+ 1 D3+2
Companion
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Frost Spear
4 4+ 2+ 2 2
Charge (+1 Damage)
Thundertusk’s
Colossal Tusks
3 4+ 2+ 1 5
Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend),
Companion
Passive
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 10 or more damage points, the Attacks
characteristic of its Thundertusk’s Colossal Tusks is 2.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Charge Phase
SNOW PLOUGH: Thundertusks are massive creatures whose broad
frames and long, scooping tusks allow them to crash through snow drifts
and enemy formations with equal ease.
Effect: This unit can use Charge abilities this turn even if it is in
combat. If the charge roll is 2 or less when it does so, it does not count
as having charged.
Keywords Rampage
Reaction: You declared the ‘Eruption of Fury’ ability for this unit
COLD FURY: The elemental energies of the Everwinter and the Realm
of Fire combine within the Thundertusk to explosive effect.
Effect: When resolving attacks as part of that ability:
• For each unmodified hit roll of 6, inflict an additional 3 mortal
damage on each enemy unit in combat with this unit instead of D3.
• For each unmodified hit roll of 1, allocate 1 mortal damage
to this unit instead of D3 (ward rolls cannot be made for that
damage point).
Hero, Monster
KEYWORDS
Destruction, Ogor Mawtribes, Ogor,
Beastclaw
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026