SS
CCOOUURRGGEE AAQQSSHHYY
OOFF
FACTION RULES:
IDONETH DEEPKIN
HEROIC TRAITS
You can pick a heroic trait from this table instead of from other Heroic Traits tables available to this faction.
CHAMPIONS OF THE TIDES (Hero only)
Once Per Battle, Any Hero Phase Your Hero Phase
ABYSSAL DWELLER: Hailing from the lightless depths, ADHERENT OF KIR-NADARR:
this champion can manipulate the ethersea so as to plunge areas This Idoneth has embraced the bellicose
into total darkness. Way of the Storm, and so too do their
warriors seek to embody the surging
Declare: Pick an objective within 18" of this unit to be
force of destruction.
the target.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit
Effect: For the rest of the battle, while enemy units are
within 12" of this unit to be the target.
contesting the target objective, those units cannot use Run,
Retreat or Charge abilities. Effect: You can spend 1 rage dice. If
you do:
• Apply the effect below.
End of Your Turn
• If your opponent’s fury level is lower
CURSED LINEAGE: This Idoneth channels the profound
than yours, they must increase their
despair once felt by the Cythai and reflects it back at the foe,
fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7.
causing soul-deep wounds.
Otherwise, roll a dice. On a 3+, apply
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of this unit to be the effect below.
the target.
For the rest of the turn, ignore negative
Effect: Roll a number of dice equal to your opponent’s fury modifiers to hit rolls and wound rolls
level. For each 3+, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target. for combat attacks made by friendly
Idoneth Deepkin units that target
that enemy unit.
ETHERSEA COMPANIONS
Ethersea Companions are unique enhancements that can be given to non-Hero Idoneth Deepkin units.
A unit can only have 1 Ethersea Companion.
Passive Any Charge Phase
IRONSHELL BARNACLES: Attaching AQSHIAN SEA NETTLES: Floating around
themselves to hides and armour, the extra durability their owners, these jellyfish instinctively lash out at
granted by these crustaceans is welcomed. nearby foes, causing panic and confusion.
Effect: Declare: Pick an enemy unit in combat with this
• If this unit is Infantry, subtract 1 from the unit and that charged this turn to be the target.
Damage characteristic of weapons used for
Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If your opponent’s fury
attacks that target it.
level is lower than yours, they must increase their
• If this unit is Cavalry, subtract 1 from the
fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7.
Rend characteristic of weapons used for attacks
that target it. Then, for the rest of the turn:
• If this unit is a Monster, ignore negative • Other enemy units cannot use Fight abilities if
modifiers to run rolls and charge rolls for it. the target is eligible to be picked.
• If possible, this unit must be picked to be the
Your Movement Phase target of pile-in moves made by the target.
STONEFOOT ANEMONE: The toxins in this • All attacks made by models in the target unit
creature’s sting render foes briefly immobile. within this unit’s combat range must target
this unit.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of
this unit to be the target. Designer’s Note: This ability does not override the
Strike-first or Strike-last constraints.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 3+, the target cannot use
Move abilities for the rest of the turn.
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL • • SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
ISH A R A NN TIDECASTER NA M A RTI R EAVERS
MOVE MOVE
6" 7"
H True masters of the ethersea, Isharann Tidecasters H Fast‑moving scouts and archers, the eyeless Namarti
T S can manipulate this eldritch ocean to protect their T S
A L E 5 5+ E A V a S l e l a ie t s o a t n h d e d C e h s a t r r r o w y i t n h d e i C r o fo a e s s t, . e Th ns e u y r b in ri g n i g t t is h e th S e e y a w ri h n o g A L E 1 5+ E A V wh R is e p a e v r e b r o s w a s r e u a p s o u n n t c h a e n s n co il r y c a h c e c d u e r a a r te th w o i f t h th t e h e G i r r e at
H H Parch as they are beneath the waves.
2 control the ebb and flow of battle. 1
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Whisperbow
Pelagic Staff 4 3+ 4+ 1 D3 12" 2 3+ 4+ 1 1
Crit (Auto-wound)
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Keening Blade 1 3+ 4+ - 1
MASTER OF THE ETHERSEA: The Tidecaster channels and
manipulates the deep-sea magic of the ethersea in order to empower
and defend their kin. Once Per Turn (Army), Reaction: You declared a Shoot ability for
Declare: Pick a visible friendly Idoneth Deepkin unit wholly this unit
within 12" of this unit to be the target. MERCILESS HUNTERS: Namarti Reavers can fire arrows with
such accuracy as to impair any defence, no matter how strong.
Effect: If the target is Namarti, pick 1 of the following effects to
apply until the start of your next turn. Otherwise, make an Isharann Effect: After that Shoot ability has been resolved, if all of this unit’s
ritual roll of D6. On a 3+, pick 1 of the following effects to apply until attacks targeted the same enemy unit and any models in that unit were
the start of your next turn. slain, pick 1 of the effects below to apply for the rest of the turn.
If all of this unit’s attacks targeted the same enemy unit and no
Torrent of Blows: Pick 1 of the target’s melee weapons. That weapon
models in that unit were slain, roll a dice. On a 3+, pick 1 of the effects
has Crit (2 Hits).
below to apply for the rest of the turn:
Protection of the Waves: While this unit is within 3" of and visible to
• Subtract 1 from ward rolls for the target.
the target, both units have Ward (5+).
• Ignore positive modifiers to save rolls for the target.
Frenzy of the Ethersea: For each unmodified hit roll of 1 for a combat
attack that targets that friendly unit, inflict 1 mortal damage on the
attacking unit after the Fight ability has been resolved.
Hero, Wizard (1), Infantry Infantry, Champion
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Order, Idoneth Deepkin, Aelf, Isharann Order, Idoneth Deepkin, Aelf, Namarti
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026