S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
FACTION RULES: FYR ESLAYERS
MARKS OF VULCATRIX
Marks of Vulcatrix are unique enhancements that can be given to Magmadroths.
A unit can only have 1 Mark of Vulcatrix.
Passive Any Shooting Phase
THICKENED SCALES: This beast’s hide is so tough INTENSE FYRESTREAM: The
that blades bend upon contact and ordinary missiles simply potency of this beast’s scalding breath is
bounce off it. incomparable, melting both nearby and
distant foes into blackened slurry.
Effect: Subtract 1 from the Rend characteristic of weapons
used for attacks that target this unit. Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If your
opponent’s fury level is lower than yours,
Reaction: You declared a Fight ability for this unit they must increase their fury level by 1,
to a maximum of 7. Then, for the rest of
AUREATE HIDE: This Magmadroth is revered by the
the turn:
Zharrgrim priesthood for its glittering scales, which evoke
• Add X" to the Range characteristic and X
the divine essence of Grimnir.
to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Effect: After that Fight ability has been resolved, if any Companion ranged weapons, where X is
enemy models were slain by that Fight ability, you can equal to your fury level.
pick a visible friendly Fyreslayers Priest wholly • This unit’s Companion ranged weapons
within 12" of this unit. Give that Priest D3 ritual points. have Shoot in Combat.
PRAYER LORE
VULKYN GIFTS
Your Hero Phase 3 Your Hero Phase 4
ICHOR OF THE FURY OF VULCATRIX: Eyes blazing white-hot, the
UR‑SALAMANDER: The priest priest fills their allies with the rage of the Ur-Salamander.
blesses the warriors’ blood with the
Declare: Pick a friendly Fyreslayers Priest to chant this
legendary lethality of Vulcatrix herself.
prayer, pick a visible friendly Fyreslayers unit wholly
Declare: Pick a friendly Fyreslayers within 12" of them to be the target, then make a chanting roll
Priest to chant this prayer, pick a of D6.
visible friendly Fyreslayers unit
Effect: Add 1 to hit rolls for the target’s combat attacks,
wholly within 12" of them to be the
including those made with Companion weapons, until the
target, then make a chanting roll of D6.
start of your next turn.
Effect: If the chanting roll was 6+, you
In addition, if the chanting roll was 8+, add 1 to the Attacks
can pick another eligible unit to be a
characteristic of the target’s melee weapons, including
second target. Until the start of your
Companion weapons, until the start of your next turn.
next turn:
• If the target is a Magmadroth, Keywords Prayer
each time its ‘Volcanic Blood’ ability
would inflict 1 mortal damage on Your Hero Phase 5
an enemy unit, inflict D3 mortal
damage instead. BLAZING IMPETUS: The priest bellows a prayer, sparks
• If the target is a non‑Magmadroth fly from their mouth and nearby Fyreslayers leap into battle.
unit, each time you make an Declare: Pick a friendly Fyreslayers Priest to chant this
unmodified save roll of 1 for a prayer, pick a visible friendly Fyreslayers unit that was not
combat attack that targets that set up this turn and that is wholly within 12" of them to be the
unit, inflict 1 mortal damage on the target, then make a chanting roll of D6.
attacking unit after the Fight ability
has been resolved. Effect: If the chanting roll was 10+, you can pick another
eligible unit to be a second target. Each target can use
Keywords Prayer, Unlimited the ‘Normal Move’ or ‘Retreat’ ability as if it were your
movement phase.
Keywords Prayer
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
6+
MOVE
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
10"
H
T S AUR IC RUNESON
L 14 4+ A
A V
E E ON MAGMADROTH
H
5
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Roaring Fyrestream
10" 4 3+ 3+ 1 D3
Anti-Infantry (+1 Rend), Companion
Heirs to the throne of their MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
lodge, Auric Runesons are
fearless duardin warriors who Ancestral Weapons 5 3+ 3+ 1 2
hunger for glory. Many of them Anti-Monster (+1 Rend)
are borne to battle by flame-
spewing Magmadroths, giant Magmadroth’s Claws and Horns 6 4+ 2+ 1 2
reptiles that are quite at home Companion
among Aqshy’s volcanic peaks
Magmadroth’s Blazing Maw
and lava plains. 2 4+ 2+ 2 3
Companion
Passive Deployment Phase Passive
VOLCANIC BLOOD: Born FIRE, BLOOD AND BATTLE DAMAGED
of fire and flame, Magmadroths VENGEANCE: Should their sire Effect: While this unit has 10 or
pulse with the throbbing heat of the be imperilled, an Auric Runeson more damage points, the Attacks
volcanic caverns in which they make will fly into a berserk rage. Their characteristic of its Magmadroth’s
their fyrenests. mount echoes their fury, for the Claws and Horns is 4.
Magmadroth’s own progenitor is
Effect: Each time you make an likely to be in just as much danger.
unmodified save roll of 1 for a
combat attack that targets this Declare: Pick a friendly Auric
unit, inflict 1 mortal damage on Runefather on Magmadroth on
the attacking unit after the Fight the battlefield to be the target.
ability has been resolved.
Effect: Add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of this unit’s melee
Once Per Turn (Army), weapons, including Companion
Any Combat Phase weapons, while the target is in
SEEING RED: As it reaches combat, damaged or destroyed.
boiling point, the hot-blooded
Magmadroth lets loose a furious
bellow that serves either as a
precursor to a violent rampage
or as a means to therapeutically
vent its rage.
Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If
your opponent’s fury level is
lower than yours, they must
increase their fury level by 1, to a
maximum of 7. Then, pick 1 of the
following effects:
Channelled Ire: Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Companion melee weapons for the
rest of the turn.
Cathartic Release: Roll a number
of dice equal to your fury level. For
each 4+, Heal (1) this unit.
Shield of Anger: This unit has
Ward (5+) for the rest of the turn.
Keywords Rampage
Hero, Monster, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Order, Fyreslayers, Duardin, Magmadroth
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
V ULK Y N FLA MESEEK ERS
6+
MOVE
4"
H Vulkyn Flameseekers are beast-taming Fyreslayers
T S who seek out Magmadroth eggs with pertinacity. It is
A L 2 5+ A V no surprise that their quest has brought the duardin
E E to the Realm of Fire, for the spawn of Vulcatrix are
H
1 well suited to its magmatic environments.
CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Vulkyn Weapons
3 3+ 3+ 1 1
Anti-Monster (+1 Rend)
Emberteeth
1 3+ 3+ - 2
Crit (Mortal), Companion
Each model in this unit is armed with Vulkyn Weapons.
• 1/9 models is a Kyndledroth and must replace their weapons
with Emberteeth.
• The champion is a Vulkyn Runefather and cannot replace
their weapons.
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
FIERY DISPOSITION: By channelling the volatile spirit of the
Magmadroths they so venerate, the Flameseekers are imbued with a
portion of Vulcatrix’s power.
Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If your opponent’s fury level is lower than
yours, they must increase their fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7.
Then, pick 1 of the following effects to apply until the start of your
next turn, where X is equal to your fury level.
Vigour of the Ur-Salamander: Add X" to this unit’s
Move characteristic.
Fiery Determination: Add X to this unit’s control score.
Kyndlewrath: Add X to the Attacks characteristic of this
unit’s Emberteeth.
Infantry, Champion (1/9), Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Order, Fyreslayers, Duardin
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026