S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
FACTION RULES:
SONS OF BEHEM AT
CRACKED HEELS
Cracked Heels are unique enhancements that can be given to Mancrusher Gargants.
A unit can only have 1 Cracked Heel.
Your Hero Phase Passive
THAT BOY’S NOT RIGHT: This gargant is UP FOR IT: This gargant is loud, rowdy and
just plain barmy. They bellow at rocks, flap their absolutely ready to dish out some serious damage.
arms like a bird and do weird little dances, all to the
amusement of their bigger cousins. When the spirit Effect: This unit’s melee weapons have
of Behemat appears to answer such seemingly inane Charge (+1 Damage).
antics, that laughter is usually cut short.
Effect: Roll a dice. On a 5+, this unit can use a Passive
Prayer ability from the prayer lore you picked ALWAYS ON GUARD: This gargant is
during army composition as if it had Priest (1). especially wary around their biggers and betters,
Instead of making a chanting roll for that prayer, for they are always expecting a quick clip on the ear
the chanting roll is 5 and cannot be modified. from their surly bosses.
Effect: This unit has Ward (5+) while it is wholly
within 12" of and visible to a friendly Big unit.
PRAYER LORE
BRODD’S BELLOWS
Your Hero Phase 3 Your Hero Phase 4 Your Hero Phase 5
ROCK BOTTOM: The THE TERRIBLE TOES: VOCAL TECTONICS:
priest dulls the gargants’ already Yelling incomprehensibly, the As the priest hums a single,
monumentally low intelligence, priest jumps up and down. low note, the earth shakes and
turning them into primal beasts Nearby, enemies are squashed buckles around them, staggering
that cannot feel pain. flat by invisible forces that leave nearby enemies.
massive footprints in the ground.
Declare: Pick a friendly Sons Declare: Pick a friendly Sons
of Behemat Priest to chant Declare: Pick a friendly Sons of Behemat Priest to chant
this prayer, pick a visible of Behemat Priest to chant this prayer, pick a visible enemy
friendly Sons of Behemat this prayer, pick a visible enemy unit within 12" of them to be
unit wholly within 12" of them unit within 18" of them to be the target, then make a chanting
to be the target, then make a the target, then make a chanting roll of D6.
chanting roll of D6. roll of D6.
Effect: If the chanting roll
Effect: If the chanting roll was Effect: Roll a dice for each was 10+, you can pick another
6+, you can pick another eligible model in the target unit. If the eligible unit to be a second
unit to be a second target. Until chanting roll was 8+, add 1 to target. Until the start of
the start of your next turn: the roll. For each 6+, inflict 1 your next turn, each target
mortal damage on the target. has Strike-last.
• Ignore the effects of the Then, if any enemy models are
Keywords Prayer
‘Battle Damaged’ ability on slain by this ability, halve the
each target. target’s Move characteristic
• Each target has Ward (6+). until the start of your next turn.
Keywords Prayer, Unlimited Keywords Prayer
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
MOVE
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
10"
H
T S GATEBR EA K ER
L 25 4+ A
A V
E E MEGA‑GARGANT
H
10
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Hurled Boulder 18" 1 3+ 2+ 2 4
Already prone to rage-filled MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
outbursts at the sight of any
trappings of civilisation, the Fortcrusha Flail: Calamitous Sweep 16 3+ 3+ 1 1
furious spirit of Aqshy sees the Crit (Auto-wound)
Gatebreakers become even more
unrestrainedly destructive. Fortcrusha Flail: Crushing Blow 6 4+ 2+ 2 4
There is no stronghold, no hovel,
no intentional pile of stones that
will not draw their terrific ire. Almighty Stomp 3 4+ 2+ 2 D3
Passive Once Per Battle (Army),
Your Hero Phase
BATTLE DAMAGED
Effect: While this unit has 15 or IT’S GOIN’ DOWN: Narrowing
more damage points, the Attacks their eyes at a particularly
characteristic of its Fortcrusha bothersome example of a pipsqueak
Flail is 11 for Calamitous Sweep construction, the Gatebreaker
and 4 for Crushing Blow. cracks their neck, rolls their
shoulders, tucks a giant boulder
under their arm and takes off
Passive running towards it.
FORTCRUSHA FLAIL: The
Effect: Until the start of your
immense weapons wielded by
next turn:
Mega-Gargants can be brought
down for an obliteratingly heavy • This unit has a Move
strike or swept through enemy ranks characteristic of 4D6".
like a battering ram. • While this unit is within 1" of
a terrain feature, the Attacks
Effect: Each time this unit uses
characteristic of its Hurled
a Fight ability, pick either the
Boulder is D6 instead of 1.
Calamitous Sweep or Crushing
Blow weapon characteristics for
all the attacks it makes with its
Fortcrusha Flail.
Once Per Turn (Army),
Your Movement Phase
OFF IN A HUFF: In a fit of pique,
the Gatebreaker storms off, showing
wanton disregard for anything that
might happen to be in their path.
Effect: You and your opponent
must roll off. Each player adds
their fury level to their roll. Then,
this unit can move a distance up
to its Move characteristic. It can
move through the combat ranges of
enemy units, but it cannot end that
move in combat unless you won
the roll-off.
Keywords Core, Move
Hero, Monster
KEYWORDS
Destruction, Sons of Behemat, Big
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
M A NCRUSHER GA RGA NT
MOVE
8"
H Inspired to violence by their towering Mega-Gargant
T S brethren, the Great Parch echoes to the tread of
A L 12 5+ A V Mancrusher Gargants stomping into the fray.
E E Hurling rocks and walloping pipsqueaks, they cause
H
10 utter havoc among the enemy lines.
CONTROL
RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Throwin’ Rocks 12" 1 5+ 2+ 2 D3
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Massive Club 4 4+ 2+ 1 2
’Eadbutt 1 4+ 2+ 2 4
Mighty Kick 1 4+ 2+ 2 D3
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Shooting Phase
STATUE TOSSING: When throwing rocks gets a bit monotonous,
Mancrushers seek out weighty sculptures to lob at the enemy instead –
turns out smashing the foe with their own statuary is a great way to let
off steam.
Effect: For the rest of the turn, the Damage characteristic of this unit’s
Throwin’ Rocks is 3 instead of D3.
Then, you can spend up to 3 rage dice. If you do:
• For each rage dice spent, add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this
unit’s Throwin’ Rocks for the rest of the turn.
• If your opponent’s fury level is lower than yours, they must increase
their fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7.
Monster
KEYWORDS
Destruction, Sons of Behemat, Little
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026