SS
CCOOUURRGGEE AAQQSSHHYY
OOFF
FACTION RULES:
SLAVES TO DAR KNESS
ARTEFACTS OF POWER
You can pick an artefact from this table instead of from other Artefacts of Power tables available to this faction.
INFERNAL TREASURES (Hero only)
Once Per Battle, Reaction: Opponent declared a Spell Once Per Battle, Any Combat Phase
ability for a Wizard within 18" of this unit RUNE OF MURDER: Tracing their fingers over
AELFSKIN SCROLL: Upon reciting the words the symbol etched on this stone, the bearer feels their
on this unholy scroll, the aelf-soul bound to it is muscles swell with fell strength. Should they smear
twisted into the perfect fuel for the foulest of magic. their own blood over the rune, the power intensifies.
Effect: Pick a visible friendly Slaves to Declare: Pick 1 of this unit’s melee weapons to be
Darkness Wizard within 18" of this unit. After the target.
that Spell ability has been resolved, that friendly
Wizard can use a Spell ability as if it were your Effect: Pick 1 of the following effects:
hero phase, and the casting roll for that spell is • Inflict 3 mortal damage on this unit. Then,
equal to the casting roll for that enemy spell. Do double the target weapon’s Attacks characteristic
not count that spell towards the number of Spell for the rest of the turn.
abilities that friendly Wizard can use this phase. • Add D6 to the target weapon’s Attacks
characteristic for the rest of the turn.
Passive
DARKFLAME PENDANT: This unsettling-
looking necklace wreathes the wearer in shadowy
flames that see arrows lose momentum and blades
dull upon impact.
Effect: Weapons used for attacks that target this
unit have a maximum Damage characteristic of 1.
BRANDS OF THE DARK GODS
Brands of the Dark Gods are unique enhancements that can only be given to non-Hero Slaves to Darkness
Infantry units. A unit can only have 1 Brand of the Dark Gods.
Once Per Battle, Your Movement Phase Your Hero Phase
BRAND OF UNBREAKABLE BONDS: This BRAND OF THE UNALIGNED: The warriors
brand binds those who bear it to a site of corrupted bearing this brand are beholden to no single deity;
earth. As yet, none know what importance this they regularly shift their allegiance depending on
forsaken land holds. which Dark God’s power is in ascendancy.
Effect: Remove this unit from the battlefield and Declare: This unit cannot use this ability if it has
set it up again wholly within 3" of an objective you an Ensorcelled Banner.
control and not in combat. This unit cannot use
Charge abilities for the rest of the turn. Effect: Remove all of this unit’s Pledge to Chaos
keywords. Then, pick 1 of the following Pledge to
Chaos keywords. You cannot pick a keyword you
Passive picked for this unit earlier in the battle.
BRAND OF APOPLEXY: When those marked • Pledged to Khorne
with this brand see red, all hell breaks loose. • Pledged to Tzeentch
• Pledged to Nurgle
Effect: While your fury level is 7, add 1 to the • Pledged to Slaanesh
Damage characteristic of this unit’s weapons. This unit has that keyword for the rest of the battle.
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL • • SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
CH AOS LOR D
CH AOS WA R R IORS
ON KARKADRAK
MOVE MOVE
9" 5"
H Those Chaos Lords who succeed in dominating a H Across the Great Parch, legions of Chaos Warriors
T S Karkadrak, a drake-like creature known for its T S march into battle in search of divine favour. No
A L 10 3+ A V frenzied rampages, are rewarded with a terrifying A L 2 3+ A V ordinary soldiers, their blackened armour has fused
E E mount that inspires bloodlust in their warriors’ E E with their flesh and their cursed weapons leave
H H
2 dark steeds. 1 indelible marks of corruption on those they strike.
CONTROL CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Hexed Weapons Rune‑etched Weapons 2 3+ 3+ 1 1
Charge (+1 Damage), 5 3+ 3+ 1 2 Crit (Auto-wound)
Crit (Mortal)
Once Per Turn (Army), Your Hero Phase
Karkadrak’s
Claws and Horn 4 4+ 3+ 1 2 FOR THE GLORY OF THE DARK GODS: The more these warriors
Companion embrace the fervour within, the greater the favour that is bestowed
upon them by the Ruinous Powers.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase Effect: Until the start of your next turn, the following cumulative
effects apply depending on your fury level.
FEROCIOUS INFLUENCE: When a Karkadrak enters a blood
frenzy, other creatures are swept up in its bloody mania, ripping chunks 1+ Riled: This unit has Ward (6+).
of flesh from limbs and torsos and caving in skulls with their hooves.
4+ S eething: This unit’s melee weapons have
Declare: You can only use this ability if this unit charged this turn. Anti‑charge (+1 Rend).
Pick an enemy unit in combat with this unit to be the target.
7 Enraged: This unit has Strike‑first while it has not charged
Effect: For the rest of the turn: in the same turn.
• Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this unit’s Companion
weapons for attacks that target that enemy unit.
• Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Companion weapons used
by friendly Slaves to Darkness Cavalry and War Machine
units while they are wholly within 12" of and visible to this unit.
Once Per Turn (Army), End of Any Turn
WRATHFUL ABANDON: Imbued with the eager fury of battle, the
Chaos Lord and their warriors are and swiftly fall upon their foes.
Declare: If this unit charged this turn, pick this unit and a friendly
non-Hero Warriors of Chaos unit that charged this turn and is
wholly within 12" of this unit to be the targets.
Effect: Each target can move a number of inches equal to your fury
level. If a target was in combat at the start of the move, it must end
that move in combat with all of the units it was already in combat with
at the start of the move. It cannot move into combat with units it was
not already in combat with at the start of that move.
Hero, Cavalry Infant S r t y a , n C d h a a r m d p i B o e n a , r M e u r s ( i 1 c / i 1 a 0) n (1/10),
KEYWORDS KEYWORDS
Chaos, Slaves to Darkness, Chaos, Slaves to Darkness,
Warriors of Chaos Warriors of Chaos
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026