S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
FACTION RULES:
SOULBLIGHT GR AVELOR DS
HEROIC TRAITS
You can pick a heroic trait from this table instead of from other Heroic Traits tables available to this faction.
THE CURSED BLOODLINES (Hero only)
Passive Deployment Phase
IMMORTAL EGO: Few mortals would claim ETERNAL THRALL: Such is this warlord’s
to be the mightiest slayer in the Mortal Realms notoriety that they have acquired something of a
or to have a peerless mastery of the blade, given cult following. One of their most ardent supporters
the existence of gods, daemons, demigods and is renowned in their own right, and they bask in the
more besides. This unliving paragon’s ego has no adulation of this follower the most.
such frailties.
Declare: Pick another friendly non-Unique
Effect: Each phase, you can re-roll 1 hit roll, Soulblight Gravelords Infantry Hero to
1 wound roll and 1 save roll for this unit. be the target.
Effect: For the rest of the battle, while the target is
Passive on the battlefield:
FURIOUS ENDINGS: This being can harness • If this unit is a Necromancer, add 1 to this unit’s
the power created when Shyishan and Aqshian power level.
magics mingle, which often occurs when arcane • If this unit is a Vampire, add 1 to unbinding
manifestations meet their end in the Bright Realm. rolls for this unit.
• If this unit is Deathrattle, ignore the first
Effect: Each time a Manifestation within 12" of damage point that would be allocated to this
this unit is removed from play, gain 1 rage dice. unit in each phase.
ORIGINS OF TERRIFYING FOLK TALES
Origins of Terrifying Folk Tales are unique enhancements that can be given to non-Hero
Soulblight Gravelords Infantry units. A unit can only have 1 Origin of Terrifying Folk Tales.
Deployment Phase Any Hero Phase End of Any Turn
THE EMPTY THE NEVER-DEAD: It is THE INCARNADINE
GRAVEYARD: Folks tell of a said that there is a rampaging KILLERS: Beware the
cemetery where the day after a band of warriors who yearn for Incarnadine Killers, for they are
mass funeral, each newly filled the sweet release of death, but as cursed with an insatiable lust
burial plot was found empty, punishment for transgressions for slaughter. Do not think that
with footprints leading away past, Elder Bones refuses to let distance shall keep you safe;
from them into the wilds… them die. should you spy their bloodied
forms upon the horizon one
Effect: Remove this unit Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If moment, their blades will be
from the battlefield and set it your opponent’s fury level is lodged in your throat the next.
up again more than 9" from lower than yours, they must
all enemy units and either increase their fury level by 1, to Effect: If this unit is not in
wholly within 7" of a terrain a maximum of 7. combat and an enemy unit was
feature or wholly within 7" of destroyed by its combat attacks
the battlefield edge. This unit Then, for the rest of the this turn, this unit can move
cannot use Move abilities turn, each time you make an up to D6". It can end that move
in the first turn of the first unmodified save roll of 5+ for in combat.
battle round. an attack that targets this unit,
the attack fails and the attack
sequence ends.
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
COURGE AQSHY
OF
6+
MOVE
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
12"
H
T S
L 16 5+ A R EVENA NT DR ACONITH
A V
E E
H
5
CONTROL RANGED WEAPONS Rng Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Pestilential Miasma
10" 5 3+ 3+ 1 2
Shoot in Combat, Companion
Rotted heirs of the godbeast MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Dracothion, Revenant Draconith
are the decaying corpses of Draconic Maw 3 4+ 2+ 2 3
great drakes animated by Companion
necromancy. With a deep-seated
animosity for all living things, Draconic Claws 7 4+ 2+ 1 2
they swoop down through the Companion
Aqshian skies to disgorge their
flesh-melting breath over the
Passive Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
enemy, lashing out with raking
talons in a hate-filled frenzy. BATTLE DAMAGED VOLATILE ANIMUS: The furious energies of Aqshy combine with the
Effect: While this unit has 10 or forces animating the Revenant Draconith to make it highly unpredictable.
more damage points, the Attacks
Effect: Spend 1 rage dice. If your opponent’s fury level is lower than yours,
characteristic of its Draconic
they must increase their fury level by 1, to a maximum of 7. Then, pick 1 of
Claws is 5.
the following effects:
Once Per Turn (Army), Retaliatory Posture: For the rest of the turn:
Enemy Hero Phase • Ignore positive modifiers to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks made by
enemy units while they are in combat with this unit.
BRIMMING WITH
• Add 1 to save rolls for this unit.
RANCOUR: The Revenant
• Add 1 to hit rolls for this unit’s attacks, including attacks made with
Draconith turns towards a foe, the
Companion weapons, that target an enemy unit that used a Fight
witchlights of its eyes flickering.
ability this phase.
Radiating pure malevolence, the
enemy dares not approach its Unrelenting Ferocity: For the rest of the turn:
mouldering form. • Ignore negative modifiers to hit rolls and wound rolls for this
unit’s attacks.
Declare: Pick a visible enemy unit
• Add 1 to the Rend and Damage characteristics of this unit’s Companion
to be the target.
melee weapons for attacks that target an enemy unit that has not used a
Effect: For the rest of the turn, the Fight ability this phase.
target cannot end moves made
as part of a non-Charge Move
ability within X" of this unit,
where X is equal to your current
fury level.
Keywords Rampage
Monster, Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026

S
S COURGE AQSHY COURGE OF AQSHY
OF
• SCOURGE OF AQSHY WARSCROLL •
VENGOR I A N LOR D
6+
MOVE
10"
H Such is the self-hatred felt by the Vengorian
T S Lords that they cannot bear even to see their own
A L 11 4+ A V reflections. Their forms twisted through exposure to
E E unbound magics, these vampires traverse the Great
H
5 Parch, feasting messily on the living.
CONTROL
MELEE WEAPONS Atk Hit Wnd Rnd Dmg
Nightmare Sabre 4 3+ 3+ 1 2
Gore-drenched Talons 3 3+ 2+ 3 3
Passive
NIGHTMARE’S MIASMA: The strange curse of the Vengorians
sees shining blades and hallowed relics crumble and patinate in
their presence.
Effect: Subtract 1 from the Rend characteristic of melee weapons used
by enemy units while they are in combat with this unit.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Combat Phase
INDIGNANT OUTBURST: Filled with self-loathing and seething
resentment, once the Vengorian Lord has a target for their simmering
ire, they let their outrage boil over.
Effect: If this unit is in combat, gain 1 rage dice.
Once Per Turn (Army), Any Charge Phase
FRENZIED SURGE: As the Vengorian Lord tears through the press
of combat to sate their desperate hunger, nearby undead find themselves
swept along by their rabidity.
Declare: You can pick another visible friendly non-Hero
Soulblight Gravelords Infantry or Monster unit wholly
within 12" of this unit to be the target.
Effect: This unit can move up to X", where X is your fury level. It must
end that move in combat.
Then, the target can move up to X", where X is your fury level. It can
move through enemy models and the combat ranges of enemy units
during that move but must end that move in combat with an enemy
unit that this unit is in combat with.
Hero, Monster, Wizard (1), Fly, Ward (6+)
KEYWORDS
Death, Soulblight Gravelords, Vampire
Permission to download/print for personal use only. © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2026